Software CGPracticum (c) KU Leuven hereinafter "the Software".

This Software has been developed by the Computer Graphics Research Group at the 
KU Leuven, Oude Markt 13, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.

The KU Leuven holds all the ownership rights on the Software.

The Software is still being currently developed. It is our aim for the Software 
to be used by the scientific community so as to test it, evaluate it and 
improve it.

The KU Leuven freely grants, for the duration of the copyright, the worldwide 
non-exclusive right to use the Software for non-commercial purposes only.

Every user of the Software shall communicate to the developer 
(cg@cs.kuleuven.be) his or her remarks as to the use of the Software.

In case of using the Software for a publication, the user must notify the 
Computer Graphics Research Group via cg@cs.kuleuven.be and mention in their 
articles: the Software, a reference to (1), the KU Leuven, and the download 
website.

The user undertakes to retain the copyright notices, as well as the name of the 
authors, in their initial form.

No commercial use, exploitation, nor distribution is authorized by this 
license. Please contact the KU Leuven if such use is desired.

This Software is provided "as is" and the user undertakes to use the Software on 
its own and entire liability. Any express or implied warranties, including, but 
not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
particular purpose are disclaimed.

The user recognizes that the Software is a research prototype, and may therefore 
comprise defects or errors, for which the KU Leuven is not bound to ensure any 
guarantee nor maintenance services.

In no event shall the KU Leuven or the authors be liable for any direct, 
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, 
but not limited to loss of use, data, or profits or business interruption) 
however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict 
liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising from, out of or 
in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the Software.
